Improve user documentation (#593)
k-orc/openstack-resource-controller: website/docs/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

This guide helps you diagnose and resolve common issues with ORC resources.

## Understanding Resource Status

### Checking Resource Status

> Every ORC resource reports its status through conditions. To check a resource's status:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every ORC resource reports its status through conditions. To check the status of a resource:
```
